# CiS-2100
Project 1: In project 1, the goal is to create a digital twin for a corporation, in my case - a technology store, using object-oriented Python. I will create many objects to repersent different key components of the corporation. First being product where any information stored in this object will repersent an indvidual product with a name as well as it's price. This object will be able to store multiple different products. The next object will be the order object where a list of products pruchased by customers in a single transaction will be stored. The next object will be the customer object in which the data of the customer will be stored. The Store object will contain records of customers as well as their orders and how many times a customer visited the store in a year. The last object will be the corporation object in which it will store records of all stores throughout the company. I will then intertwine all of the objects to generate one final CSV file.

Project 2: In Project 2, the goal is to use Pandas in order to analzye data from the corporation that we created in project one. The end goal is to identify key trends such as the most purchased products in customer baskets as well as the frequency. Vizualization is also created in order to rank stores such as how many products were sold, how much gross earnings as well as how much each store sold in a time period. 

Project 3: In Project 3, I also will be creating a program that analyzes the best selling items for each store across the entire corporation. We will base this information on the CSV file I created in project 1 as wella s customer basket data from project 2. The main goal is to identify the most prevalent set of items that were purchased by customers by completing market basket analysis and data mining to uncover frequently occuring item sets. The end result is an analysis that focuses on deriving insights from customer purchases in order to identify top selling products across the corporation.
